Bryce/update aws onboarding (#15002)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/integrations/aws.md

    - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/amazon-ecs-anywhere-monitoring/'
      tag: 'Blog'
      text: 'Monitor Amazon ECS Anywhere with Datadog'

>     - link: 'integrations/guide/aws-cloudwatch-metric-streams-with-kinesis-data-firehose/??tab=cloudformation'

Author: Thanks, added back in per our discussion

      tag: 'Blog'

>       text: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/monitor-aws-graviton3-with-datadog/'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      text: 'Monitor your Graviton3-powered EC2 instances with Datadog'
```

Author: Thanks for catching that!

>       text: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/monitor-aws-graviton3-with-datadog/'

Author: Thanks for pointing this out, I think I got everything, but let me know if you notice anything else

    * secretsmanager:PutSecretValue
    * serverless:CreateCloudFormationTemplate

## Setup

> 2. Go to the the [AWS tile][8] in the Datadog application and click **Add AWS Account**.

Author: Got it, updated!

> 3. Configure the integration's settings under the **Automatically using CloudFormation** tab.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure the integration's settings under the **Automatically using CloudFormation** option.  
```

6. Check the required boxes from AWS and click `Create stack`. This launches the creation process for the Datadog stack along with three nested stacks. This could take several minutes. Ensure that the stack is successfully created before proceeding.

7. After the stack is created, go back to the AWS integration tile in Datadog and click the **Ready!** button.

8. Wait up to 10 minutes for data to start being collected, and then view the out-of-the-box [AWS overview dashboard][12] to see metrics sent by your AWS services and infrastructure:
{{< img src="getting_started/integrations/aws-dashboard.png" alt="The AWS overview dashboard in the Datadog account. On the left is the AWS logo and an AWS events graph showing 'No matching entries found'. In the center are graphs related to EBS volumes with numerical data displayed and a heat map showing consistent data. Along the right are graphs related to ELBs showing numerical data as well as a timeseries graph showing spiky data from three sources.">}}

> ## Configuration tabs

Author: Thanks for confirming, removed it from here, but I'll open a separate PR in Dogweb to add it to the main docs

Use the tabs under the account number to configure the integration and data collected. 

{{< img src="getting_started/integrations/aws/aws-integration-tile-configuration-tabs.png" alt="The AWS integration tile in the Datadog application with installation completed for an account, with tabs for Account Details, General, Metric Collection, Log Collection, Resource Collection, X-Ray Traces">}}  

See the table below for a description of the options under each tab.

| Tab           | Description |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------ |
| **Account Details:**     | Configure [tags][62] and other details.
| **General:**             | Enable [EC2 Automuting][9], CloudWatch [alarm collection][10], and select the regions to integrate with.
| **Metric Collection:**   | Collect metrics from [AWS sub-integrations][13], custom metrics, and [CloudWatch Metric Streams][59]. 

> | **Log Collection:**      | Collect AWS service logs with the [Datadog Forwarder Lambda][1] function or send them to the [Datadog Kinesis Firehose Destination][60].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Log Collection:**      | Configure Log Autosubscription for AWS services where there are many resources with logs in different CloudWatch log groups or S3 buckets.
```

| **Resource Collection:** | Configure resource collection settings, if using [CSPM][54].

> | **X-Ray Traces:**        | Trace distributed applications built using AWS services with [AWS X-Ray][61]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **X-Ray Traces:**        | Supplement serverless traces with [AWS X-Ray][61] data for some AWS services. 
```

    * secretsmanager:PutSecretValue
    * serverless:CreateCloudFormationTemplate

## Setup

2. Go to the the [AWS integration configuration page][8] in Datadog and click **Add AWS Account**.

3. Configure the integration's settings under the **Automatically using CloudFormation** option.  

>     **a.** Select the AWS regions to integrate with.  

Reviewer 2: My opinion: Don't bold the a., b., c., d. The indenting is enough to set it apart visually.

Author: Thanks for confirming! I wasn't sure about that myself. Updated.

    **b.** Add your Datadog [API key][58].  

>     **c.** Optionally, send logs and other other data to Datadog with the [Datadog Forwarder Lambda][1].  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **c.** Optionally, send logs and other data to Datadog with the [Datadog Forwarder Lambda][1].  
```

    **d.** Optionally, enable [Cloud Security Posture Management][54] (CSPM) to scan your cloud environment, hosts, and containers for misconfigurations and security risks.

> 5. Click "Launch CloudFormation Template". This opens the AWS Console and loads the CloudFormation stack. All the parameters are filled in based on your selections in the prior Datadog form, so you do not need to edit those unless desired.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Click **Launch CloudFormation Template**. This opens the AWS Console and loads the CloudFormation stack. All the parameters are filled in based on your selections in the prior Datadog form, so you do not need to edit those unless desired.  
```

**Note:** The `DatadogAppKey` parameter enables the CloudFormation stack to make API calls to Datadog to add and edit the Datadog configuration for this AWS account. The key is automatically generated and tied to your Datadog account.

> 6. Check the required boxes from AWS and click `Create stack`. This launches the creation process for the Datadog stack along with three nested stacks. This could take several minutes. Ensure that the stack is successfully created before proceeding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Check the required boxes from AWS and click **Create stack**. This launches the creation process for the Datadog stack along with three nested stacks. This could take several minutes. Ensure that the stack is successfully created before proceeding.
```

> 7. After the stack is created, go back to the AWS integration tile in Datadog and click the **Ready!** button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. After the stack is created, go back to the AWS integration tile in Datadog and click **Ready!**.
```

Author: Thanks for pointing this out, I agree that's better. With that said, I left off the period because I think it might look strange after the exclamation.
